Quotes - Stephen Covey

Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.

When you show deep empathy toward others, their defensive energy goes down, and positive energy replaces it. 
That's when you can get more creative in solving problems.

Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. 
It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.

Your most important work is always ahead of you, never behind you.

Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. 
These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change. 

The more people rationalize cheating, the more it becomes a culture of dishonesty. 
And that can become a vicious, downward cycle. 
Because suddenly, if everyone else is cheating, you feel a need to cheat, too.

Stop setting goals. 
Goals are pure fantasy unless you have a specific plan to achieve them.

Life is not accumulation, it is about contribution. 
Synergy is better than my way or your way. It's our way.

Reactive people... are often affected by their physical environment.
They find external sources to blame for their behavior.

The deepest desire of the human spirit is to be acknowledged.

It takes a great deal of character strength to apologize quickly out of one's heart rather than out of pity. 
A person must possess himself and have a deep sense of security in fundamental principles and values 
in order to genuinely apologize.

Every time you think the problem is 'out there,' that very thought is the problem.

The challenge of work-life balance is 
without question one of the most significant struggles faced by modern man.

We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. 
We have the power of choice.

Effective leadership is putting first things first. 
Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.

Our character is basically a composite of our habits.  
Because they are consistent, often unconcious patterns,
they constantly, daily, express our character.

Leadership is a choice, not a position

Instead, I have an abundance mentality: 
When people are genuinely happy at the successes of others, the pie gets larger.

Principles are guidelines for human conduct 
that are proven to have enduring, permanent value.

Find your voice, and inspire others to find theirs

Everyone must be proactive and do all they can to help themselves to stay employed.

You can't talk your way out of problems you behave yourself into.

You're not a product of your nature. 
That is your genetic makeup or your nurture, the things that have happened to you. 
Of course those things affect you powerfully, but they do not determine you.

